SCOFIELD: Previously
on Prison Break.
Mr. Kim.
Sara Tancredi. I'm on it.
Is pursuing her the best
use of your time? It is.
I'll let the President know.
I contact the
President directly.
I'll contact her.
IVES: No family with
Patoshik? Nothing?
FBI AGENT: Yeah. Till about four
years ago when he killed them all.
MAHONE: Fernando Sucre.
He was in Las Vegas around 2:00.
Out west. just like
Bagwell and Franklin.
You know D.B. Cooper?
The money's in Utah. and
they're all going to get it.
You're one of them
Fox River boys.
(GROANS)
Come on. You got the map?
No. Someone else does.
Before I destroyed it.
I committed it to my
photographic memory.
I have the information. you
have the manual requirements
necessary to unearth
Westmoreland's buried booty.
Get in. Okay.
T-BAG: Should be dead ahead.
T-BAG: The
bastards built over it.
It's gone.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(GRUNTS)
We have to open
up in 15 minutes.
So? It doesn't
matter. I dare you.
I said... I said. no.
I dare you. Please?
(SCREAMS)
LINCOLN: The ranch
is gone. Michael.
Well. the 5 million
might not be.
T-BAG: And you
gonna find it how?
What. you got a divining
rod tattooed on your ass?
I don't wanna hear
anything out of your mouth
other than what your photographic
memory spits out regarding that map!
You watch your
tone with me. boy.
I will watch you get tossed
to the side of the road
to fend for yourself. boy.
Because if you can't
remember where that silo was.
you're worthless to us.
TWEENER: Yo. fools. let me out!
Shut up.
The map!
Okay. okay. okay. all
right. all right. all right.
TWEENER: Let me
out. boss. The ranch.
The ranch was in
the center of a box.
Sheep Road on one side.
Kokosing Road perpendicular.
In the center of the property
was the ranch house.
And the ranch house
was surrounded by trees.
TWEENER: I can't breathe
in here. man. Let me out.
(SCOFIELD SIGHS)
Every tree here is
a year old. at most.
Except those.
Where is the silo?
Inside the trees.
I wanna say on the left.
but that may have been a barn.
I remembered the
best I could. gents.
but I didn't know this place would
now be smothered in tract homes.
so. you know. I'm sorry that
I'm not Rain Man over here.
Alex Mahone. How are you?
Lyle Sands.
We've been briefed
on all the men at large.
The full force and resources of
the entire Salt Lake City field office
are at your disposal.
Thank you. Do you have
those files my office requested
on the D.B. Cooper case?
We're pulling them now.
And this is the D.B. Cooper
case from 30 years ago?
Correct. If I can get those files
immediately. I'd appreciate it.
Hey. sorry. but I have to ask.
Aren't you here for the
Fox River Eight? I am.
And they're here in Utah
to get D.B. Cooper's money.
So how about those files. Lyle?
T-BAG: Silo.
Silo. silo. silo. silo.
This is stupid.
We're gonna get made out here.
Shut it. I think I remember.
If I had to bet. I'd lay it all
on the silo being on the left of
the ranch house inside the trees.
No. It's outside the trees.
Right there.
You see those two trees?
They're shorter than the rest.
They were all planted
at the same time.
but those two didn't
get as much sunlight.
Something was in their way.
SCOFIELD: The silo.
Our money should be right
there under that garage.
You better be right. boy.
SCOFIELD: This isn't
a high-end subdivision.
They slapped this
place up overnight.
The silo's foundations
might still be there.
To save money. they
probably just laid the concrete
for the garage floor
right on top of it.
We'll dig straight down.
If we hit the
foundation. we stay.
If not. we go.
Let's do it.
TWEENER: Let me out of here.
Oh. man.
Mmm-mmm.
Ain't no problem that a
screwdriver to her temple won't fix.
People die all the time. boys.
$5 million comes
once in a lifetime.
TWEENER: Let me out of
here. man. Come on. boss.
We gotta do something. and it's
not gonna involve hurting anyone.
I got an idea.
First. we're gonna
need some supplies.
110%. I do not agree with this.
Everybody's got to pitch
in to make this happen.
But back in the big house. the
boy proved he couldn't be trusted.
Which is why
we're doing it here.
If he gets caught in town. he
ain't got a clue where the house is.
Besides. you're the one
we can't turn our backs on.
(GROANS)
Oh. I could have
died in there. man.
Well. guess what? I
need you to do something.
I need you to do
something for me.
I want my cut of the money.
Well. we'll talk once you
prove we can trust you.
What do I got to do?
I want you to go back
to that garden center
and get everything on this list.
And gas up the car.
We'll meet you right
back here in an hour.
All right. And. David.
don't screw this up.
This ain't Fox
River no more. man.
Looking at the real deal now.
But I want my cut.
Back in an hour.
Let's go.
Mistake.
Big mistake.
(MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING)
Oh. come on. man.
(CHUCKLES)
Am I glad to see you.
Did you walk here?
(STAMMERING) No.
It's just a long story. man.
Thought you were
meeting up with your family.
I met a few roadblocks.
And you?
Yeah.
Let me guess. you're
going to Tooele.
Yeah.
Well. looks like we're
going the same direction.
Hopefully we're not too late.
Can I hitch a ride?
Hey. look.
I'll make it worth your while.
WHEELER: Got
some good news. sir.
Got our first tip on Patoshik.
Spotted at a burger joint
in Cedar Grove. Wisconsin.
Just hand it over to
local authorities for now.
The only thing we're working
today is Utah and D.B. Cooper.
Got it.
Lyle.
There's a guy here listed as
having the only D.B. Cooper bill
ever found in circulation.
Harold Jenkins.
Yeah. D.B. bought gas
from Jenkins with a hundred
on the day of the hijacking.
We checked the serial
numbers and they matched.
You worked the case?
Fresh out of the academy.
And nobody's cracked it yet.
What makes you think that these
escapees know where the money is?
Because they may have been
locked up with the real D.B. Cooper.
This Jenkins from the
gas station. he still alive?
Should be. He was
only 18 at the time.
Well. let's go say hi to him.
AUTOMATED VOICE: We're sorry.
Your call cannot be
completed as dialed.
Please check the
number and dial again.
KIM: Do you have
updates on Sara Tancredi?
I assume that's why you're here.
Yes. Scofield sent her a
message through the mail.
a phone number that
was disconnected.
You know. to be honest.
I was expecting to
brief the President.
Yeah. about that.
right now. as you can
imagine. Caroline's quite busy.
She's always been busy.
I've been working side by
side with her for 15 years.
Paul. she's the President
of the United States now.
Yes. Bill. and I
helped to put her there.
Well. if you'd like for
her to remain in office.
you'll take my advice and just
stay on the sidelines for now.
She needs to be
completely insulated
from anything regarding
Lincoln Burrows.
I want to talk to her.
You report to me now
and only me.
You're not to try and contact
Caroline again without my approval.
and you don't show
up here unannounced.
Finish the job you
were given. get Burrows.
If you're telling me the road to
him leads through Sara Tancredi.
by all means. pursue it.
And once that's
been accomplished
and this whole thing goes away.
we'll go about transitioning
you back into Caroline's life.
Now do you have
anything else on Sara?
The President has
unwavering faith in you.
Wants to make sure you go
through the Senate approval process
with your eyes wide open.
So what are we up against?
Key allies in the
House and Senate
are Meyerhoff. Barnwell
and Summerville.
We're counting on
them to sway the middle.
Who's the opposition?
Senators Blake and Killoren have openly
vocalized their opposition to you as VP.
Any indication as to why?
Political payback for
the President's vote
on the energy bill last month.
Took them by surprise
and they don't like surprises.
Dad. Lance. this
is my father. Frank.
Pleasure to meet you. sir.
It's nothing to lose sleep over.
Frankly. the biggest
issue we have to address
are the charges
facing your daughter.
Governor. are you with me?
Absolutely.
(MUFFLED YELLS)
No. just chill. dawg.
Listen. once we roll out.
we bounce out of town.
we'll drop a dime
and they will find you.
Just be quiet. Just chill. man.
(MUFFLED SCREAMS)
(POUNDING ON DOOR)
(DOOR OPENING)
Woody?
Where are you at? Woody?
(CELL PHONE DIALING)
CHET: I need Sheriff Williams.
Yeah. I'll hold.
(MUFFLED YELLS CONTINUE)
Woody?
Where did you learn
about electricity?
I used to steal copper
wiring from transformer boxes.
and then sell them on the
docks. make a few bucks.
When you were at
school. of course.
I was just looking. pretty.
What's that old chestnut?
"I can look at the menu.
Doesn't mean I'm gonna eat."
We get in. we get
the money. we get out.
That's it. No. Absolutely.
We're good.
Now it's just up to the kid.
Did you get everything?
Yeah. Yeah. I got it.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(TWEENER BREATHING HEAVILY)
(KEY RATTLING IN LOCK)
What?
Nothing. it's cool. I...
What? Whoa.
Okay. Check it.
This fool came in the shop.
He was acting all shady.
He got a bad vibe. so he
picked up his celly phone.
he started to make a
call. so I popped him.
You did what?
I hit him with a shovel. man!
I didn't know what else to do!
So I just... I tied him up
and I put him in the backroom
with that other country hick.
Here we go. Here we go.
I came through. you gimp!
Who was he calling?
The Sheriff.
Man. I don't know. dude.
It just... It set off...
Did the call go through?
Maybe. man. What
do you mean maybe?
Did the call go through?
Yes. No. I don't know!
I don't know. man.
Yo. but I got the gear.
We got to move on this now.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Yes?
Sorry to bother you.
ma'am. Is your electricity out?
Excuse me. I'm looking
for a Harold Jenkins.
JENKINS: Right here.
Alexander Mahone. FBI.
I'm staying 50 feet
away from her at all times.
What the hell else
does she want?
I'm not here about that.
What are you here for?
D.B. Cooper.
People still want to
know about that guy?
(LAUGHS) Unbelievable.
You worked the gas station in
American Fork where he filled up.
Yeah.
Normal looking guy.
Barely said a word.
There were some discrepancies in
the statement you filed 30 years ago.
In the report. it's noted that
you said he filled up at 7:00 a.m.
But on another occasion.
you said it was 7:00 p.m.
Which was it?
Both.
He gassed up twice?
Yeah.
Full tanks both times?
Yeah. Why?
JEANETTE: A systems what?
It's a systems diagnostics test.
Footage from our
gopher cam picked up
exactly where your
line was corrupted.
And who corrupted it?
You guys?
Maybe.
All I know is my
supervisor called
and said he wants me and my crew
to get over here and fix that
problem double quick. double time.
So. you're not with
the electric company?
No. ma'am. Now feel
free to call your company.
But I should tell you. all they'll
do is send over some tech.
maybe tomorrow if you're lucky.
And he'll spend a whole
day trying to find the problem
and another
day trying to fix it.
But we're here right now
and we're ready to
turn your juice back on.
My juice?
That's right.
And...
And that's your crew?
Yes. ma'am.
Yeah. D.B. Cooper was
driving a 1965 Chevy Nova.
There's no record on file
that Cooper even had a car.
But Charles Westmoreland did. and
the car registered to him at the time
was a 1965 Chevy Nova
with a 16-gallon gas tank.
Back then. a Chevy that size got
approximately eight miles to the gallon?
Now. D.B. stopped at the
station in American Fork
and gassed up
once early that day.
and then came back later that
same night and gassed up again.
Now. why would a
guy headed to Mexico.
which is a straight shot south.
drive off the main road
for an all-day detour?
The money. Exactly.
Cooper. Westmoreland jumped
out of a plane with $5 million.
But Westmoreland didn't have the
money on him when he was arrested.
He ditched it before
he got caught.
Give me that magic marker.
From American Fork.
he couldn't have gone
further than 64
miles in any direction.
I want everything you've
got in that perimeter.
Those cons are in
one of these towns.
and if there's so much as a
cat missing in one of them.
I want to know about it.
The defective cable runs
right beneath your garage.
We're gonna have to
dig up the floor to get to it.
Well. who's gonna pay for this
and what about the
cleanup and the repair?
Well. the company
will cover all costs.
We'll just dig a small trench.
once we're finished.
we'll re-lay the cement.
It'll look as good as new.
JEANETTE: How
long is it going to take?
One way or another.
we'll be out of here today.
We really need to
get started. ma'am.
Wouldn't want a pretty
little thing like yourself
sitting in the dark
tonight. now. would we?
Well. that depends
on who I'm sitting with.
Touche.
Fine.
It's okay. y'all go ahead and
do whatever y'all need to do.
Jeanette. the noise
might be substantial.
You might wanna take in
that tennis game after all.
Oh. no. it's too
hot for that now.
Plus. I'm gonna
keep an eye on y'all
and make sure you
don't steal anything.
Ma'am.
Oh.
How are you? Good.
All right. where's Tweener?
He's next door plugging
the extension cord.
We're going to have
to cut up the cement.
Yo. we gots company.
What's up. Snowflake?
Well. as always.
your timing is flawless.
I don't follow.
Well. let me try
and explain it to you.
We're trying to
run something here
and we can't have people
walking in off the street.
Oh.
Oh. okay. so you
want us to leave
and then you can
just mail us the check.
Sucre. I know you trust me.
And you know I'll cut
you in on that money.
But the two of you being here
right now jeopardizes everything.
I'm not going nowhere.
I want my share of the money.
C-NOTE: Wait a
minute. Hold on. man.
Ain't we did this dance before?
You know. I say I
want in. you say no.
Then I threaten to tell somebody
about what's going on here.
And then you decide to play nice
and then we're one
big happy family.
Why don't we just stop
wasting time. all right?
Thank you.
Damn. man. you still alive?
And kicking. homeboy.
How did you find us?
Man. if I can do a rapid deployment
of satellite communications
for Uncle Sam all
over the world...
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
How are you guys doing?
Who are you? Who are they?
I had to call my supervisor.
He sent them right over.
This job is a top priority.
We want to get this done as
quickly and efficiently as possible.
Well. Jeanette. like I said.
there's a lot of work to do
and it's going to be noisy.
Oh. drinks. I forgot to ask.
We're good. Thanks.
Yo. man. this is not good.
We got her up in our grill
checking in on us all the time.
The boy is right.
And since I can't dig. I'll
volunteer to keep her occupied.
You don't touch her.
Who are you.
Sister Mary Francis?
I know how to play nice.
I'll be watching.
(SOFT JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
Billy? Is that you?
Yup.
Thank you kindly. Mmm-hmm.
Well. now. how did
you get out of working?
Union rules.
One crew member always
has to supervise. Ah.
I'll check on them in a bit.
Lemonade? Mmm.
Hmm.
A little more ice.
Yeah.
There we go.
And I like mine
with a little oomph.
But since you're on the clock.
I guess you can't join me?
Just two fingers.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Been a while.
Yeah?
Whiskey always
makes me feel irascible.
I don't know what that means.
But I do like the sound of it.
Are you wearing Angel perfume?
I am.
Oh. Hmm.
That reminds you
of an ex. I take it.
Yeah.
Now. was that good
memories or bad memories?
Both.
Did you talk to Maricruz?
I don't want to talk about it.
I got to get some
water or something.
Use the hose on the
other side of the house.
Sucre. down the road.
if you're in trouble.
Europeangoldfinch.net.
It's what we can all
use to communicate.
Post a note on
the message board.
What's it called?
Europeangoldfinch.net.
That's a bird. right?
I got something.
SCOFIELD: It's
the silo's foundation.
Hells. yeah.
Thank you. Charles.
We just need to find the
edge and dig underneath it.
We'll get the money.
hit the back roads.
Uh...
Well... What's wrong?
We gots to stop in Tooele
first and gas up the ride.
I thought you already did that.
Man. when the garden
center thing happened.
I just forgot. all right?
I want you to go back into town.
I want you to gas up that car.
Because I'm not driving around
with millions of dollars in
the trunk. Do you understand?
Man. why do I gots to do it?
Okay.
SCOFIELD: I better
check in on our friend.
(T-BAG LAUGHING)
You got it on time.
Miss Tinsel Toes.
(T-BAG CHUCKLES)
Billy?
Yeah.
I made you a sandwich.
Peanut butter and jelly
with the crusts cut off.
Just like you like.
I'm so glad you came back.
I don't want to
say I told you so.
but that was just
not the girl for you.
Where is that?
Where's what. sweetheart?
That painting.
It's Holland.
Where I grew up. You know that.
It's beautiful.
Oh. there's no place better.
It's so peaceful. so...
So protected from
this crazy world.
MAN: Operator.
(WHISPERING) Hello. operator.
There's an intruder in my house.
Hello. ma'am?
Ma'am. are you there?
Is anyone there?
MAHONE: Heard you had
some activity in Tooele today.
A bit. Don't see how it
warrants a visit from the FBI.
A stolen car was dumped
just outside of town
belonging to a woman who
went to school in St. Louis.
Am I getting that right?
Yes. sir.
And then here. the owner's
girlfriend reports him missing.
and then his buddy
comes by to check it out
and he goes missing. too.
Yeah. but Woody and Chet have
been known to drop everything
and go boar hunting when
the opportunity presents itself.
and they don't
tell their old ladies.
Mr. Mahone. I'll bet
you my lunch money
there's nothing
amiss around here.
His dad will be showing
up soon with the keys
and you can look for yourself.
Whoa! What are you doing?
Mr. Mahone.
(SHUSHING)
(MUFFLED YELLS)
They're here.
Those escaped convicts.
they're here in town.
Who's there?
It's the police. ma'am.
You okay?
Yes.
Can you tell me what happened?
There was this strange man.
I made him a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich.
I thought he was Billy.
And once the kids went
to sleep. we'd take a bath.
A long bath.
And afterwards. I'd just
sit there and watch her
do her routine. see?
Rub her lotion
on. comb her hair.
Dress up in her
nighttime fineries.
Oh. you're killing me.
(INHALING DEEPLY)
She had this spot
on her neck right here.
Gave her goose bumps every time.
And that perfume...
My ex.
he was an accountant.
He was really buttoned up.
It was. "Wham. bam.
thank you. Sam."
Oh. shame on him.
Why did it end with that
lady you were talking about?
Just went our separate ways.
Do you know what I think the
best cure is for a broken heart?
Do tell.
Get back on the bike.
Whatever bike it is.
(CHUCKLING)
Amen to that.
Speaking of...
Could you do something for me?
I'm certain of it.
Come here.
Only you have to
be very discreet.
They don't come any discreeter.
You know that big guy.
the strong guy that
doesn't speak much?
Would you go in
there and ask him
if he would like to have a drink
with me after he punches out?
Please.
You've just been playing me
this whole time. haven't you?
Come on.
Don't be like that.
Would you just go out and
ask your friend? Please?
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hey. Dad. Sara. I've
been trying to reach you.
Yeah. I've been meeting with
my defense attorneys all day.
You in Washington?
Yeah. but I'm coming
back on the next flight.
I thought you were going
to be there for a while.
No. no. Plan's changed. okay.
Sara. do you remember that guy
that I met with you
in your apartment?
I want you to stay
away from him.
Who. Lance? From my group?
Yeah. yeah. that's him.
He is not who he says he is.
I found out some
other things. too.
What are you talking
about? You were right.
Sara? I gotta go.
(COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING)
CLERK: Yeah. that's right.
Yo.
Just one second. sir.
Thank you.
Can I help you?
Just put 40 on three.
I'm sorry. What pump was that?
Three. Oh. that
one's been sticking.
Okay. well. then.
I'll move the car.
No. Don't trouble yourself.
I'll have the mechanic
come out and pump it for you.
Hey. we got a customer
waiting on three!
MECHANIC: All
right. I'll be right there.
Yo. look. man. I'm
in a hurry. all right?
Oh. he'll be right
out. Just one second.
(SIREN WAILING)
(DOG BARKING)
(GUN FIRES)
Put your hands behind your
head and drop to your knees.
Oh. God. Drop!
Where are they?
(PANTING)
Hey. man.
One hand or
not. I think hillbilly
needs to be up in here digging.
What you think?
Good man.
What the hell are
you doing up here?
Oh. I'm sorry. Jeanette.
(TOILET FLUSHING)
I just didn't see
you downstairs.
I heard something. I
apologize for barging in.
Don't bother.
She's got the hots
for the big. strong one.
I'm sorry. Jeanette. We're
gonna get back to work now.
No. I think y'all are done. and
I think y'all need to leave now.
We're almost finished.
No. I think you
are finished. okay?
And I want you to
leave my house now.
(CAR APPROACHING)
Sucre. check it out.
(DISPATCHER CHATTERING
ON POLICE RADIO)
Cop.
JEANETTE: Oh. thank God.
T-BAG: Where are you going?
SCOFIELD: T-Bag. let her go.
Oh. God.
T-BAG: She's our only
way out of this. pretty.
Don't say a word. you old whore.
or I'm gonna cut
your throat out.
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-